9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Stocks under pressure as oil rises on
concerns really about scant progress, if
any, uh on in terms of de-escalating the
Iran war. President Trump ordering the
Navy to fire on boats laying mines in
the Strait of Hormuz.
>> The conflict keeping Asian policy makers
on alert. Japanese Finance Minister
Suzuki Katayama tells us exclusively
that she's cautiously watching the
economic fallout.
>> Speaking of on alert, we also speak
exclusively to the Philippine Central
Bank Governor Eli Remolona as the war's
fallout prompts a rate hike and signals
of more to come.
>> And we are live in Beijing where the
world's largest auto industry gathering
is underway, even as the sector grapples
with overcapacity and an intense price
war.
Well, we're not seeing too much progress
when it comes to the Iran situation
here, but we're still seeing oil above
100 bucks. Not doing too much in terms
of wobbling this equity rally we've
seen, but really it's the the earnings
that's been supporting a lot of this,
particularly from the tech side. Last
night it was Intel.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but we got to talk more about AI,
what Tencent is doing here as well. And
yeah, I mean even you're starting to see
central banks here in Asia are
preemptively trying to tame the rise in
inflation prices and and expectations
here. So we certainly saw BSP leading
the charge of, you know, after what
Singapore did, Philippines hiking
yesterday.
>> Yeah, they're becoming more proactive.
>> Yes.
>> Um in fact, what's what was interesting
about that, we could call it a surprise
move because it was a split decision. It
was split across economists going into
that decision. and then uh there was
also the possibility and the governor
brought this up and I think he's going
to join us in a couple of minutes. He
talked about how actually a bigger rate
hike was actually on
>> 50?
>> on the table, right? So, I think just
being proactive and just trying to get
ahead of second-order effects uh will be
something we'll touch on as well. You
know, the the entire Iran situation is
starting to disappear across markets
with the exception of oil.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but it's also starting to show up in
the fundamentals and I think we'll have
the central bank governor in a moment to
help us understand that. And also the FX
angle, to what extent they 60 is
something of an unofficial threshold
market should be looking at uh or does
it become 61 given that we're trading
above that at the current moment? Now,
there's also this big corporate earnings
corporate corporate China component to
this, right? There's earnings, there's
Tencent, and of course there's big auto
show that's taking place in the capital.
>> Yeah, the auto show be quite interesting
to see, you know, obviously EV EVs
dominate uh in in China when it comes to
these things. So, you know, does the
Iran war only just ramp up this EV
adoption and at a time when things are
pretty much slowing down uh domestically
in China. And really we'll see what the
export picture looks like given that,
you know, if this war prolongs,
certainly the external picture and the
demand picture might change quite uh
dramatically as well. So, certainly
there's a lot to watch on the Beijing
Auto Show. Everything from EVs, we're
talking about super cars from Xiaomi. I
mean, there's certainly lots of good
things that are going on there, too.
>> Yeah, the concept cars priced at half
the super car, uh which is going to be
interesting. I think a horsepower of
700.
>> Ooh.
>> Um that used to be well above a buck and
a half, but now perhaps you could get
that for less than a buck and a half.
That's an exaggeration there, of course.
So, we'll we'll bring you that in a
moment here, but a a brief look at
markets and because this is very
interesting, right? So, we talked about
this. Um when you look at risk appetite,
we're back, but oil is still up, which
is going to be an interesting dynamic to
see. Aussie yen's on the way up. Uh on
top of all of that, I think the chip
story, you know, you mentioned Intel,
right? So, I think Taiwan is coming
online. Um so, it's April 24th and this
entire month the Philly Semiconductor
Index has yet to close lower, not even
once. I think
>> 17 days, right?
>> 17 days, which is crazy.
>> That's a record.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so, yeah, certainly you're continuing
to see the chip side of things doing
quite well. We'll see how this all fares
here this morning, but yeah, you are
still seeing when it comes to the North
Asia side of things, Japan, uh still
looking pretty strong here today. Uh
futures are pretty flat. In China, we're
talking about, well, not much moving the
currency as well, 683. So, yeah, it
gives us time to really talk about
really other things, right? Whether
whether it's earnings or just shiny
cars. The annual Beijing Auto Show gets
underway today and touted as the world's
largest mobility showcase. This year's
event features over 1,400 vehicles and a
focus on the shift towards AI. Let's
bring in our man on the ground, our
chief North Asia correspondent, Steven
Engle. He is at the Beijing Auto Show
and joins us now. Steve, how are things
looking today?
>> Uh crowded and packed. It's about 50%
larger than the last time the auto show
was held in Beijing when they were
coming out of the pandemic and really
kind of unveiled their new high-tech EV
push, which of course has only gone from
strength to strength over the last
couple of years. We're at the Hyundai
booth right now because the CEO, Jose
Munoz, will be joining us in about a
half hour's time for a great
conversation about how the Chinese
market has shifted, obviously, to be
dominated by the local players. And
where does that leave the foreign
players? Because the Volkswagens and the
the GMs and the Ford and the German
other German automakers, including
the Korean players as well, have been
having a hard time adjusting to this new
dynamic and the domestic price war. So,
how do you
remain competitive in the world's
biggest auto market in the two world's
biggest auto market, the United States
and in China amid a devastating price
war, of course. Now, Jose Munoz told us
recently that globalization is over.
That's a very strong statement and he
says that's why their strategy now with
their new line of Ionic V cars here is
in China for China and they're going to
be partnering more here and developing
cars. Come on over here and see some of
these concepts. These are not ready for
market yet, but here is the Ionic Venus.
I guess they have
galactic aspirations for the market. And
over here is more down-to-earth, so to
speak. This one is the Ionic Earth.
Looks sort of like a moon rover, no
doubt, but again, they are coming here
with a full-throated approach of being
in China for China. We're going to be
talking to Jose Munoz at length about
that.
>> Steve, fantastic.
Yeah.
>> Um certainly one for Mars.
Yeah, get us there quite quick. Stephen
Engle will have lots more on the ground
there at the Beijing Auto Show. The
other big story we're tracking, of
course, is I think Steve alluded to this
as well, right? The shift towards
sustainable energy sources given what's
taking place in the in Iran. It's
prompted central banks. We talked about
Singapore last week. You have the
Philippines just yesterday raising
interest rates
signaling that perhaps more is to come.
They also raised their inflation
forecasts for the year with the Iran war
likely to spur more price pressures
toward to the upside
as we try and figure out how we look
through this. Eli Remolona is with us
right now. He's the Philippine Central
Bank Governor joining us exclusively
from Manila. Governor Eli Magandang
Umaga po. Good morning.
So, we understand this was close, not
close in the sense that it was a hold or
a hike. I understand you considered even
a bigger hike. How close were were was
the central bank to moving by 50?
>> Uh that part was uh was close. What
wasn't close was uh the decision of
whether not to hike
or to hike. But uh how much the hike
would be, that was a close vote.
>> You have signaled further rate hikes,
Governor.
At a time when the growth picture is
looking a bit softer. I mean, how many
rate hikes do you think the BSP has room
to do? And uh you know, can the economy
absorb them?
>> Well,
uh we stay vigilant and uh we'll do as
many hikes as necessary.
But I think, David, you used the right
words. Uh we're being proactive. We're
trying to stay ahead of the curve.
>> Okay. So, we we understand that. Can I
just ask you too because a lot of this
comes down to inflation and I understand
you you you guys have raised their
inflation forecast again.
Um it was quite a big jump in inflation
in March. Can I ask you, Governor, how
are the things How is inflation tracking
this month?
>> With uh it was a big jump for for this
month.
But it's largely because of the oil
price shock.
Uh the spillover effects are still uh
modest.
And it's the spillover effects uh that
uh that matter to us. We can't do very
much about the shock itself.
Normally, if it's a small shock, David,
we would just look through it. But this
one was more than modest.
>> Wasn't What does that tell us about the
pace of these hikes that you say you're
you're ready to deliver?
Can Can we expect successive rate hikes?
Or or do you think, Governor, that it's
going to be more spread out?
>> Normally, uh Yvonne, it would be a
a succession of small rate hikes, but it
will depend at how how big the spillover
effects uh
uh are.
So, we have to just watch the data
and measure expectations.
>> Have have inflation expectations in your
view, Governor, become an anchor at this
point?
>> The expectations have risen, but so far
they haven't uh
become unanchored. So far, so good.
But, they have risen uh to reflect um
the rise in inflation.
>> Just to also get a sense of the sense of
urgency on the part of the central bank,
and you've been quite clear in your uh
that you want to be proactive here, uh
and even if that means a lot more rate
hikes than the current one that you just
announced yesterday. I want to get a
sense of
Well, two-part question is
>> Yes.
>> Should the market understand the
openness of the central bank to hike
again at the next meeting?
Or is the sense of urgency such that you
would even consider an off-cycle hike if
if if that is the case that needs to be?
>> Um
I think the market needs to understand
that uh
we will we will do what's necessary to
contain inflation.
And at the moment, that seems like uh a
succession of uh
of modest rate hikes, I would say.
We expect the yield curve to steepen.
Uh so, both the rise in the short rate
and the steeper yield curve should
should be
should help to contain inflation.
>> Your
The BSP is still expecting growth
to be about 4.6% this year, Governor.
I'm just want to Does that factor in
uh
the prospect of more monetary
tightening? Or Or do you think that
eventually uh the growth impact could
could could in some ways be bigger and
you're going to have to adjust your
forecast?
>> We're hoping to actually we're hoping
the growth would be higher.
The our potential is much higher than
our forecast. Uh
Yes, we're saying about slightly
stronger than last year. Uh
Maybe 4.5, 4.6% this year.
But uh as high as 6% next year.
>> Okay, let let let's let's hope that
turns out to be correct and the current
uh shock turns out to be transitory.
Governor, the other component here is
the FX markets and uh currently we're
trading above 60 on the exchange rate.
There was a few days a few weeks back
that we traded above 60. Up until this
point, the market has treated 60 as that
let's call it unofficial threshold on
the part of authorities. Do you think
the market should still look at 60 as
that threshold or has that changed?
>> We we don't uh we don't assign special
significance to this number 60. It's not
it's not a threshold for us.
Uh we basically allow the market to seek
its own level.
I think uh I think funnily enough when
we hiked yesterday,
the peso actually weakened.
>> Okay, well, are you active in the
markets
today? Could you give us a sense of
that? I In other words, are you
comfortable with the current levels?
>> We were not active yet. We may be active
later in the day, but uh for now we're
not uh we're not in the market.
>> So so how much peso weakness are you are
you willing to tolerate? I mean, we've
had some say, you know, 61 might be that
level. I'm just wondering, you know,
>> We don't look at levels.
We don't We don't look at the level
even. We
Uh Uh,
we look at by how much it uh moves.
If it moves by 50 centavos in a day,
that's a bit uh
a bit large for us.
But uh we don't have a target for the
level of the peso.
>> Okay. Governor, I also want to ask,
let's talk about the fundamentals of the
economy and certainly it's it's a very
domestic-driven economy. It's a very
consumption-driven
economy. part of the consumption is
really, if you think about it, funded
via overseas remittances. A big part of
those remittances come from
uh the Middle East. Have you noticed
>> Yes.
>> uh an
uh
an impact on those inflows coming in?
And have you also noticed an impact uh
in terms of consumption because
consumers are, you know, are being
forced to corner a big share of their
pockets to to to to to pay for energy?
>> Our remittances, including those coming
from the Middle East, have been
surprisingly resilient.
So, we we thought they might
uh they might decline, but uh they
actually haven't declined very much.
And I think historically that's been the
case.
Very stable uh source of uh
foreign exchange.
>> Okay. Governor, the
We want to get a sense too of
I mean, there clearly parts of this
economy are
affected currently, likely will see that
iteration even further in the coming
weeks or months. Can it Can we get a
sense though of what parts of the
economy you think remain unaffected by
what's going on? And how closely are you
looking at that part of the economy?
>> Well, clearly the part of the economy
that's affected are the the parts that
uh
relied heavily on oil prices, relied
heavily on uh
on uh fertilizer.
Uh so, uh
that's that's basically food,
agriculture,
uh, but services, not so much.
>> Governor, we have to leave it there, but
thank you so much for the time. Eli
Remolona there, governor of the BSP,
joining us to talk us through, uh, of
course, that decision to hike yesterday.
Your your your reference rate just
crossed the terminal a few moments ago,
686.74.
Uh, it is weaker than expected here,
but, uh, yeah, we're we're still talking
about 683 levels, uh, for dollar China
here this morning. We also are keying in
on the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This is the
China Show.
>> Right, welcome back. We're still
continuing to track, uh,
these moves in the currency markets. Uh,
160 just, uh, shy of that level. No, not
not actually shy, that's quite a bit.
But it indicates we're below that
threshold the market has deemed at one
point, of course, a threshold of
intervention. In fact, just on that
note, right, uh, Satsuki Katayama, the
finance minister, says she's cautiously
observing the economic fallouts, uh,
from this Iran war, and that the
warnings that the worst-case scenario
could actually see the conflict then
last for years. Our exclusive
conversation at Bloomberg's New Voices
event in Tokyo. Have a look.
>> At G7, G20, and IMF, financial meeting,
and global meeting, everybody was so,
uh, concentrated onto how to minimize or
mitigate the risk, uh, around the Gulf
and Iran.
>> Mhm.
>> But,
there's been no concrete,
uh, even though there has been no
concrete conclusion, but everybody tried
their best to
as short as possible
>> Right.
>> the duration. And as for duration, Saudi
Arabian finance minister clearly said,
because he's past or he's a person who
is in praise, and he's very much
known and he has a someone who has
confidence in international finance
world. He said that the
best scenario, the most the most
optimistic scenario, is the end of June.
As for soaring of homes,
and if
the worst scenario, the worst scenario
will be
>> What is the worst scenario?
>> 1 year, 2 year, or even 3 years, because
if it remain the least for them to be
bombed or
attacked by some part of Iran, even not
the representative of Iran, but some
part of Iran remains. And everybody has
listened very carefully and taking memo.
>> Which scenario are you preparing for?
>> Uh,
of course, we finance minister must be
always must ready for good and bad.
>> It's Is it bad
That's
That's a very true answer.
Is it bad coming mostly from the
inflationary pressures, or is it also
about demand destruction because of
growth? Which one worries you the most?
>> Yeah, for that, IMF did a very good
explanation even OECD or every central
bank has.
Because the difference between
optimistic scenario and bad scenario is
two
different.
>> Yeah.
>> So many difference. So, we cannot
clearly change their financial position
or financial policy. We are in a
position to take a look and a hold and
uh, very cautiously observing the
situation. That the opinion of the most
of the finance ministers and central
bank.
>> And that was the Japanese Finance
Minister Susuki Katayama speaking
exclusively to us and Sherry at the
Bloomberg New Voices event in Tokyo. In
other news this morning we're tracking
tensions between the US and Iran arising
as both sides maintain blockades in the
Strait of Hormuz. President Trump has
ordered the Navy to fire at any vessel
placing mines in the Strait with the US
military saying it has intercepted two
oil tankers seeking access to Iran's
ports. The blockades remain in place
with no sign of progress towards new
peace talks.
>> How long are you willing to wait until
you get a UN permanent spot?
>> don't rush me Jeff.
Uh
you know guys like you you want to say
oh
So we're in Vietnam like for 18 years,
we're in Iraq for many many years. We're
in for all the I don't like to say World
War cuz that was a biggie.
But we were four and a half almost five
years in World War II.
Uh we were in the Korean War for seven
years.
I've been doing this for
six weeks.
>> President Trump says Israel and Lebanon
will extend their ceasefire by three
weeks creating space to work on a
long-term deal. Posting on Truth Social
Trump says he'll host the leaders of
both countries soon. There was no
immediate response from Hezbollah which
was not involved in the original
ceasefire but had largely abided by its
terms.
>> Still ahead we're back at the Beijing
Auto Show with Hyundai CEO Jose Munoz to
really find out how South Korea's
largest car maker is dealing with the
pressure from US tariffs and also of
course what's taking place in the Middle
East. Uh just about what do we know? Six
minutes and 20 or so odd seconds away
from the opening bell. Tencent leading
declines right now we're down 7/10
1.1% on the benchmark. Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> I'm watching Tencent shares here today.
So, they announced this a major upgrade
to its foundational model. So, they're
calling it high three, uh which is a
reference to their main when you're in
platform. The shares are lower by about
1 and 1/2% but analysts in the street
are basically saying it looks like this
new AI model is prioritizing speed and
price, not so much really than a large
parameter model. But, certainly the
stock is slightly lower here today,
Dave.
>> Yeah, I mean speed and price when you
look at the stock you can talk about
that, too. The speed at which we got to
almost 12-month lows on this and a price
at 481 is the level to watch. Uh we're
lower modestly across the benchmarks
today. It's worth pointing out I think
turnover yesterday on sure was 2.7
trillion. Highs in about 7 or so weeks
or so.
Uh we are also entering that part of the
calendar year where Southbound flows are
not as
robust as usual. Might weigh the index.
CGB markets coming up. Uh yields on the
way down. We have auctions to tell you
about that happens today. The open is
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> Good morning. Welcome back. So, we made
it. It's Friday.
We're going into the weekend with I
think a lack of momentum either side
really when you look at equity markets.
So, this is uh on a global basis. I
think we're still down modestly for the
week. Uh the tech continues to
outperform. Uh we're also going to get
first reaction to Philippine cash
markets at the rate hike yesterday.
Apart from that, earnings, corporate
China and Tencent news there and of
course the Beijing auto show all front
and center today.
>> Yeah, so everything from tech to EVs to
AI. Certainly, uh you're still seeing
that tech flare across these markets
here despite the fact that oil remains
above 100 bucks. But yeah, not no news I
guess still when it comes to the Iran
war situation. So, time to focus on
earnings, time to focus on of course,
uh, you know, other things that are
moving these markets, right? So, uh,
when you take a look when it comes to
mainland markets here on this Friday, it
looks like we are still seeing some
losses here right now. The CSI 300 were
lower by about a third of 1%. Shenzhen
as well watching the China X very
closely here because basically, uh, this
benchmark has nearly doubled in the past
year. And and it lately, you know, the
preference has been China X versus HS
Tech, right? There's more enthusiasm for
the AI hardware sort of things. You just
had this great report coming through,
uh, about optical stocks and really we
had the likes of, uh, some that came up
with some pretty upbeat sort of outlooks
there. So, that should be sending some
of these optical stocks higher here
today. Uh, and they are part of some of
these seven sisters as well, uh, on the
China X. But today, we are seeing
Shenzhen fall some 6/10 of 1%. We're
coming off that. Uh, Shanghai crude is
still a bit elevated. CATL though still
stands out and might still be that
pillar of support for Shenzhen here.
We're up another half of 1% for the A
shares. Uh, but you know, as we say, not
much conviction. And even Capricorn Tech
despite that Intel, you know, the sales
forecast which led to the stock rise
some 20% after hours, uh, we're not
quite seeing that in some of these China
chip plays here today. Let's hit the
boards and see how Hong Kong is doing.
We might see a bit more I guess pain,
uh, in this market and HS Tech seems to
be the one that is dragging things
lower. We're seeing the Hang Seng down
about 7/10 of 1%. Tencent we talked
about this new model that they've
they've announced here, high three. Uh,
right now the market doesn't look too
pleased by it, but we're seeing just
losses just about 9/10 of 1% here today.
But most of the the mega cap sort of
tech in China is lower today. Alibaba,
Baidu, uh, are more than 1% to the
downside though. Um, you know, you're
seeing a bit more red here today.
Offshore RMB still holding around that
6.83 level here this morning. And yeah,
but CGBs continue to look strong, Dave.
>> Yeah, we have a one-year, a I think it's
a 20-year and a 30-year bond sale coming
through
today. So, it's it's going to be busy as
far as the auctions are concerned here
and it's coming against the backdrop of
really some strong momentum coming
through
in the CGB space and as you can see,
yes, we now have a 1.73 handle on the
10-year yield. Flip the page, please.
Also coming online, cash markets in the
Philippines. You have two banks coming
up on your screens. That's a surprise
rate hike and then likely some more
coming through out of the central bank
there as they flagged they want to be
proactive, they want to be forceful,
they want to make sure this inflation
story does not go on anchored. Markets
are taking this one well in stride and
we are up slightly in cash markets there
in Manila.
>> All right, let's get you back to the
Beijing Auto Show now where our chief
North Asia correspondent, Steven Engel,
is standing by with our next guest. Hey,
Steve.
>> And and our next guest, you can probably
guess since we're at the Hyundai booth
here at the Beijing Auto Show, is the
CEO of Hyundai Motor, Jose Munoz. Thanks
so much for having us here.
>> Thank you for having me here, Steve.
>> Always good
Always good to talk to you. So,
it's kind of a loaded question when I
ask how important is China at a time
there are so many global headwinds with
the war in Iran and the bifurcation, if
you will, of supply chains. You tell me
you're tripling down on this market.
Why?
>> Exactly. Well, China used to be one of
the most important markets for Hyundai
Motor Company back in the days, right?
So, we've been in this country since
2002 and about
6 to 7 years ago, this market was
representing 17%
of our global sales. And then it came
down to about four. So, what we have
included as part of the tripling down in
China is to get to about 9% of our
global sales target. This means about
500,000 sales in China by the end of
2030.
>> So, how important is it given the
softness you've seen in the United
States, given the the the supply chain
shocks that we have, you're redirecting
ships around Africa to avoid the the
Persian Gulf, obviously, and China is
dominated by the local players,
tech-laden cars where most foreign car
makers have seen market share completely
dwindle.
>> Exactly. So, the the point of China is
not only the market of China itself,
which is also been dropping over the
last few months, about 22%, so it's been
tough here. But, the most important of
China is that this is the most advanced
market in the world in terms of not only
EVs, but also autonomous driving, and
then software-defined vehicles
technology. You want to be really
competitive in the market where Chinese
competitors are operating, you have to
be competitive here. So, we are
launching for the first time in China
our BEV exclusive brand Ioniq. It was
not launched in this market, and we have
announced the launch of 20 new products
from now through to 2030 to try to
become more relevant in this market, and
starting with the Ioniq Venus and the
Ioniq Earth, which is the one that
>> concept cars here.
>> here. So, they are coming right now. So,
these two cars will be launched this
year.
>> How important is it to keep costs down
right now because you saw operating
profit down 31% year-over-year. There's
softness in the United States, there's
some stresses there, obviously, that we
can talk about in a minute. But, here in
China, I think you're focusing on in
China for China, and that's the local
partners. How do they help you not only
tap into their advanced tech, but bring
costs down like with BAIC, your partner
across the way? And also Momenta, which
is in these cars for autonomous driving,
right?
>> You got it absolutely right. So, first
and foremost, I would say indeed we had
operating profit going down, but the
drop has been much less than it was in
the fourth quarter of last year. And in
fact, our revenues have achieved
all-time record globally. So, which is a
very good sign of the fundamentals being
good. We have achieved an all-time
record also in North America. We have
increased share there more than 0.3
points of share. In India, we have had
an all-time record as well. However,
cost
it is one of the key elements that we
need to master. And the way we want to
to do it, particularly in China, is by
localizing. We are partnering with local
with local operator local brands, local
tech companies like Baidu,
like ByteDance,
like Momenta, which is the leading
company in terms of autonomous driving.
So, not only we need very good
technology, but we need to achieve this
at an affordable cost. And then
hopefully we can also apply some of
these technologies and learnings through
the rest of the other regions so that we
can close completely the gap that has
been created
in last quarter and this quarter
by the tariffs, by war, by a number of
elements which we cannot control.
>> You mentioned Momenta.
There's been a lot of talk about maybe
you'd be buying that. How far along are
we in possible negotiations to purchase
the Chinese autonomous driving company?
>> We have become a shareholder. We are not
the only one. There are other OEMs who
are shareholders. We have an excellent
relationship. So, the Ioniq Venue is
going to be launched with a
state-of-the-art
ADAS, so with a level 2 plus from
Momenta, which is well appreciated by
the Chinese consumers. So, I think
that's something very good. Also, we are
having a partnership in this market with
CATL for a
>> The battery.
>> for batteries to be able to achieve more
than 600 kilometers on the homologated
system here in China, which also a very
good one, not to mention a 27 inches
screen and the latest and greatest on
software.
>> Are you still interested though buying
Momenta?
>> We are not talking about buying Momenta.
We are shareholders of Momenta and
utilizing their technology. We will have
some more meetings going on.
>> How about other partnerships? There was
Korean media reports about possible
partnering with Xpeng as well in using
some of their advanced driving
technologies in mobile taxis?
>> Like all companies, we have
a lot of explorations to see how we can
really take advantage. For the time
being, the official partnership that we
have announced is the partnership with
General Motors.
We have a partnership with Waymo. So
we're going to launch this year by Q4
the robotaxis
integrated fully in our HMGMA factory in
Savannah, Georgia and then more more to
follow. We have also a partnership that
we have announced with Amazon and then
we're always exploring. So I'm sure that
there is some more things will happen in
the next few months.
>> I told you it was going to be rapid fire
questions. Let's move on to Boston
Dynamics.
The Atlas robotic humanoid robotics,
obviously that's a big push here. All
the players including Xpeng I mentioned
going big into their iron humanoid
robots.
Full scale rollout I think for you guys
for Boston Dynamics will be 2028. Can
you give us an update?
>> Yes. So well,
this is really key integral part of our
strategy because this is not about
showing off what the robot can do, etc.
This is about having a real physical AI
and utilize the robots for a purpose,
right? So we are designing robots that
have capabilities beyond humans, which
are helping humans, which are not
substituting uh humans, and are doing uh
jobs that the humans cannot do. Right?
So, the purpose is to increase
productivity, is to increase quality,
and reduce cost. We uh are working to uh
help, especially on the manufacturing
area. We believe uh that um our uh
control company, Boston Dynamics, is the
is the best in the world in the
technology. We are one of the best, if
not the best in the world for
manufacturing. We want to ensure that we
are able to uh produce robots
uh in a mass uh produced basis, and we
have announced uh the intention to
produce uh about 30,000 uh before the
end of 2030.
>> A lot of market chatter about when an
IPO for that would happen. Uh do you
have any update for us?
>> We are not going to speculate. What I
can tell you is that the combination of
our solid fundamentals uh of our company
performance, plus the presentation at
CES of our real intention with Boston
Dynamics through the humanoid uh Atlas,
has made our stock to uh grow by 120%
uh on just a few months. This shows that
we have really very strong foundations
to continue to grow in the future.
>> You've also said that you're
accelerating your uh what usually is a
monthly meeting for a supply chain
update now to weekly, even more often
than that, because of what's happening
in the Middle East. Can you update us
right now on how the ships are still
being diverted around Africa and the
impact as the war goes on into 2 months?
>> Yeah, obviously um we are impacted like
all of our competitors at different
levels. For us, the Middle East is a
very important region. It's one of the
highest margin regions.
Uh and then uh we have to uh deviate
some of the production that we had for
that region for other uh regions, which
is good. For example, uh North America
uh or Latin America, or even Korean
domestic market, but also logistically,
as you can imagine, a lot of ships going
through the Strait of Hormuz, they're
coming from Korea, going to to Europe
and other destinations, we have decided
to localize to be able to source
directly in Europe, or deviate them
through the Cape of Good Hope, which is
a very very long route. So, that's
that's an indication that our
fundamentals are even a stronger because
despite all that achieving all-time
record revenue in Q1, it's I think it's
been something we're very proud of.
>> But localization has its own challenges
as well. You said globalization is over,
you stick by that?
>> I stick by that. I think when we see
what is happening in the world, you need
to be localized, which is our big
commitment in the North American market,
as you know, to bring to the market the
capacity, the the technology, the jobs,
despite having 570,000 jobs already
created in the market, we're bringing
25,000 more with 26 billion dollars of
investment. So, and this is because we
believe this is the most important
market for us today and in the future,
and we want to be independent on other
factors. Same is happening in other
regions like China.
>> But you want to build more in the United
States. I think you're building about
what you sell in the United States, 50%
is made in the United States.
>> and then we want to take that to 80%, so
which is a big undertaking.
>> So, how do you grow, but also maybe
contain the cost so you can improve that
bottom line as well? You're under the
threat of the tariffs, obviously. They
did come down on South Korea to from 25
to 15, but still probably not enough of
a respite.
>> Several billion dollars of impact, this
is a big one. That's why you have to
localize with intelligence, and you have
to localize by also trying to be very
efficient, take the economies of scale
of the group and the partnerships with
other companies, try to have the best
partners on our supply chain is by our
own
affiliated company Mobis and many other
partners, right? So, also Glovis is
utilizes our
partner for logistics. So, the
combination of all these capabilities,
including the production of green steel
in Louisiana, which we are developing,
is what needs to bring the cost down but
with a higher quality, with higher
productivity. It's not only about the
cost. It's doing more with less.
>> Jose Munoz, we have people to meet, you
have people to meet.
>> Congratulations on
>> Just say
>> uh your big presentation here in the
Ionic Venus and the Earth, I think.
>> Exactly.
>> And the launch of the Ionic V here in
the China market.
>> Exactly.
>> Jose Munoz, Hyundai Motor CEO with us
here at the Beijing Auto Show. Back to
you.
>> Yeah, great conversation and a trip
around space, it seems, too. Uh Steve,
of course, our thanks to Jose Munoz
there. And there's much more coming up
from the Beijing Auto Show. Stay with us
for interviews with executives from FAW,
Series, and Volkswagen China at the next
hour of The China Show.
>> Right, so just very quickly, uh just to
mark what's happening in Taiwan. So,
this is really moving against the grain.
There's the Intel story, there's an
upgrade to coming through out of JP
Morgan upgrading Taiwan again on this
old story, continuing story
on AI and I think it's playing out
across this market quite nicely. The
opposite is happening here in Hong Kong.
We'll tell you about that on the other
side of this break.
>> Right, so about 16 minutes into the cash
market session and as you can see, the
we're down across greater Chinese
benchmarks. Hang Seng Tech is
underperforming
um quite apparently today. Volumes are
on the lighter side of things, but yeah,
I mean, we're down a fourth day now on
the tech gauge here in Hong Kong.
>> Yeah, and it's really the likes of
hardware versus software, right? And
this is where, you know, HS Tech is
continuing to look a bit more volatile
to that trade in favor of China X, of
course. But yeah, we're going to talk
about this interesting story that's
developed with the PWC. The accounting
firm has agreed to pay 166 million US
dollars in fines and compensation to
settle investigations into its auditing
work for the collapsed property giant
Evergrande.
>> Yep, Minnie Min Low, our China
correspondent, is here with us to walk
us through really the penalties, some of
the
some of the money that is being
earmarked to pay for compensation. So,
what do you know about this?
>> Yeah, so the Hong Kong regulators have
fined the company now by 300 million
Hong Kong dollars. And in addition, they
have fined two of its former partners 5
million Hong Kong dollars each. And it's
also imposed this 6-month suspension,
meaning the company will not be able to
take on new clients for the next 6
months. And then separately, it has
another agreement with the SFC
to pay about 100, sorry, 1 billion Hong
Kong dollars into a fund that will be
then used to compensate eligible uh
minority shareholders of Evergrande. So,
this is of course a multi-year
conclusion to that probe after, you
know, Evergrande had been accused of
significantly inflating its revenue by
more than 500 billion yuan. And the Hong
Kong regulator has accused PWC of
ignoring multiple red flags and
really failing to
basically be an independent auditor in
this case and ignoring evidence of
Evergrande prematurely booking these
revenue for properties that were not yet
completed and delivered to customers.
>> Has PWC responded and and is this fine
going to be a big hit on their
operations?
>> Well, PWC has said that it is not going
to be it's not going to have any impact
on existing clients. But of course of
course the suspension is going to hurt
it. And already it is suffering from
this reputational damage, right? Because
since the probe began, it already has
seen all these exoduses of staff and
partners as well as clients,
particularly mainland state-owned
enterprises that have been switching to
other auditors, including the Hong Kong
regulator, the SFC, as well, used to be
a client. They have switched to Deloitte
now.
And this is not the end of the story for
PwC because there is a separate group of
liquidators who are who had filed a
lawsuit, and that's only going to reach
the first public hearing in May, and
they are trying to claw back more money
for creditors as well. So, depending on
how that goes, maybe PwC could be facing
more financial liability.
>> All right. May May men, thank you, May
May men Low, there, our China
correspondent. Uh let's get to some
corporate news this morning. Tencent has
revealed a major upgrade to its
foundational AI model, the company calls
Hi 3, its most powerful AI model yet,
claiming advances in areas from complex
reasoning to coding. The model also
supports Open Claw, and marks a
high-stakes test for China's most
valuable company in a frenetic AI race
since it recruited a top researcher from
Open AI. Intel shares gained 20% in
after hours on a strong revenue outlook
of up to $14.8 billion for the current
year. It signals that the company is
benefiting or beginning to benefit from
the buildout of artificial intelligence
infrastructure. The outlook also
suggests that the CEO, Lip Bu Tan, is
making progress on a challenging
comeback plan.
>> All right. Over in Japan, Daiichi Sankyo
down and quite a bit here.
Well, it's delayed earnings, and I think
that's that's what you get in as far as
market reaction goes. More on that, plus
more stories coming up here on the China
show. This
is Bloomberg.
>> So, we're taking a look at what comes to
Meta and Microsoft are planning job cuts
and buyouts that could affect as many as
23,000 staff as they seek to streamline
operations and offset heavy spending on
AI. An internal Meta memo reveals plans
to cut 10% of workers, or roughly 8,000
employees, with 6,000 open roles going
unfilled. Microsoft, meanwhile, issued
its own memo offering voluntary buyouts
that a source says could apply to about
7% of its US workforce.
Warner Brothers Discovery shareholders
have voted to approve a $110 billion
takeover by Paramount beating out a
rival bid from Netflix. The deal offers
shareholders $31 per share, but still
faces antitrust review in the US and the
EU. If blocked, Paramount would owe a $7
billion termination fee. Paramount
shares traded lower in New York with
most of the dip coming before that vote.
>> Okay.
All right. So, let's have a look at
markets right now. Optical stocks coming
up on your screens. There's lots to get
through in fact here
in as far as this is concerned. Okay, so
you have a profit surge. Uh shares are
going the opposite way. Uh this is a
stock, of course, that has done
tremendously well. So, I think just put
that putting that into context. Uh some
semis to tell you about here within the
Chinese market as well. Uh let's have a
look at that amidst I think uh well, I
think if you just join us right now the
statistic earlier of the SOX index,
Philly semi index has yet to close lower
this entire month. I think this is
really going against the grain certainly
of late. Uh SMIC, HuaHong Semi are
seeing some upside right now. Right.
Now, um earnings are going to be in
focus today and I think it's the time of
the year where you could confuse first
quarter earnings with full year earnings
because, you know, they're coming after
one after the other. So, you have Sands
China, Ping An. If you Moutai actually
came out a few days ago with full year,
it's coming out today with Q1. So, just
keep that in mind as we look ahead to
some of the big consumer names coming
through it with earnings. I think also,
sorry, uh Macau casino revenue I think
is also coming out today if I'm not
mistaken. Just I just got reminded there
by that the
Sands China there.
>> Yeah, so, you know, there's there's
plenty to talk about here beyond just
the Iran situation which still continues
to be a bit of a standstill here. We
talked about mainland turnover, which
was quite strong yesterday. The Beijing
Auto Show where Steve is at obviously we
spoke into Hyundai we're speaking to
some of these Chinese automakers coming
up on what they're working on for this
year. The 10 cent new AI models
interesting you know, this is a kind of
a new test for them and really they're
playing catch up to the likes of bite
dance the likes of Alibaba but the stock
did react a bit negatively here too of
course this news. There is a CGB sale
and we talked about those earnings as
well. So
yeah, I mean it's just to wrap up
everything in a bow for this first
Friday.
>> Yeah, quiet for once isn't it? It's been
quiet on the news flow so far. Just a
quick correction on my part. I mentioned
casino revenues coming out today. It's
visitor arrival to not casinos coming
out today and as far as Macau is
concerned. All right, we have lots more
in the way. Second hour of the China
show is coming up.
>> Welcome back to the China show as we
look at the CSI 300 half hour into the
session. Yeah, it's really a down arrow
story across the board when it comes to
some of these Chinese assets here today
MSCI China is seeing
declines about 1% or more. CSI 300 is
also just around that 4700 level. You
know, it really just goes to show when
when you talk about chips and and the
like I mean I think we're we're starting
to see that you know, the Hong Kong side
of things is really on the other side of
that trade, right? When you talk about
the software side of things where we are
starting to see more declines on HS tech
here today.
But yeah, overall, I mean it's a quiet
day.
But not much going on.
>> No, yeah, yeah, and that's right. And I
think it's it's it's for once, right?
For once we're gliding into the weekend
but and you know, the night is young. So
We could be speaking to soon. But yeah,
I mean, volumes are on the lighter side.
The on the Hang Seng tech story, it's
really become quite obvious that the
market is doubting
the index as a really good AI play.
You can find it elsewhere. China X
Kospi
>> Taiwan
>> Yeah.
>> On the Hang Seng tech, and I think
you guys spoke with
Sofu yesterday, right? At a Goldman, and
I think she made that comment where
the market is still doubting the
components of the Hang Seng tech as the
best way to play AI in China, and I
think that's really showing up in as far
as the market goes. Plus, within the
Hang Seng tech, you also have this big
car component, and there you have these
price wars still.
>> I mean, you take a look at some of these
discounts that BYD has has done
recently. So, this is according to China
auto market data compiled by Bloomberg,
but the average price reduction for BYD
cars actually accelerated to a record
10% last month. So, that's a telling
signal, according to analysts, that it's
quite sobering that, you know, we
haven't seen the end of this price war
just yet. That's perhaps why you're
seeing most of these,
you know, BYDs down some 3%, and really,
you know, doesn't seem like no end in
sight.
It's interesting, too, we're at the
Beijing auto show. I'm sure there's
going to be a lot of conversations about
that, Dave.
>> Yeah, cool cars and cheaper prices, I
think, right? Is And of course, you have
Iran, but of course, you know, the
longer term does look, of course, quite
encouraging in as far as this sort of
shift towards energy is concerned in
some of the
capabilities, you know, that you have
there on the ground. A lot of cool
concept cars.
Just very briefly, to stay across
markets, you have Japan, which is
headed into the latter part of the
morning session. We're headed into the
lunch break there. Taiwan, of course, is
really an AI play, and of course, within
that is a tie TSMC coming up on your
screens very, very shortly. And beyond
that, oil, dollar, and Aussie yen are
actually playing out
going the same. Where's Aussie yen? It
disappeared. Can we get Aussie the up? I
think it's number four. We hid it. We
hit it from you, but like I tell you
that's on the way up. Anyway, we'll
cross it back now
to the Beijing Auto Show. Our continued
coverage of what's going on. And Steven
Engle is standing by with his next
guest. Steve.
>> Yeah, hey Dave. I need an EVTOL to get
from hall to hall. That's the electric
vertical and take off landing craft.
Because this is a massive place. It's
50% larger than two years ago. And we
have to get from point to point to get
to our next interview. And right here,
Giles Taylor, FAW group vice president
of global design. Obviously, well not
obviously to the the world, FAW is
China's oldest car maker from the early
1950s. They make those Hongqi limousines
made famous by those parades with Mao
Zedong. You need to modernize to keep up
obviously, and you are modernizing to
keep up with the trends, the tech laden
trends in today's EVs. How important is
getting the right design in attracting
the savvy buyers in China?
>> Well, it's it's hugely important. So, I
mean I think last count there are about
105, 120 even car manufacturers in
China. So, to to even compete, never
mind stand out, you know, you've got to
put design first. Quality,
you know, all the things that we would
sort of traditionally take for granted
in the European sphere, China has it
now. So, design's come to the fore. So,
yeah, we've got to work very hard to
make, you know, luxury stand out and
then convenience stand out. We're
working very hard to do that.
>> How do you make it stand out on its own
and not necessarily copycat? Because I
think some of these cars, they sort of
look like the
the Rolls-Royces that you worked for
Rolls-Royce.
>> Some of them look like the Cullinan or
the Phantom, which you were part of
designing as well, the the latest
Phantom. So, is that what the Chinese
want in the Hongqi or they from FAW,
sort of a China's version of the
Rolls-Royce or something different?
>> I think there's there's two sides to our
brand. I mean there's two sides to that
industry in a way. I think legacy still
has a major part to play. So, some
people say, you know, you've you've got
a real uphill task to treat legacy
brands in place. Um don't rely with the
Gen Z's on your backstory. Actually,
it's coming back. I think the legacy is
a very vital part of a foundation,
certainly for Hongqi. So, we will use
that. You know, we've got a 70-year
history going back to 1958.
And we will put that up there. It'll be
modern classic. We're not going to go
retro. It's all about modernizing that
story, bring it to the people, and there
is an appetite. You know, this sort of
middle-class area, they they love the
story. They stand out with the sort of
the nice watchings that just sort of pop
out because they have that like a fine
whiskey. You've got to have a backstory
to make it authentic. So, so
there's the other side of the industry
which is all about young tech. It is Gen
Z. And and you know, we've got to
compete there as well. We've got to find
out two sides to our brand. So, in many
ways we have this sort of duality to the
brand. It's quite difficult to manage,
but if you don't have that, the the
one-size-fits-all will not work.
>> Is your remit to make it as affordable
as possible as well because the price
war has really brought the average
selling price down, but there's also the
other end of the argument, and that is
now that the involution or the
anti-involution campaign is really
kicked in to halt those price declines.
People are now starting to look at the
premium a little bit more as as value
for money.
>> I I think it's a it's always a danger to
strip out to get the to to to get the
margin. That's a spiral to the bottom.
We we we know that. And you know, brand
equity has to be built very carefully.
If you're going to sort of try and fight
the war on price, be very careful. You
could lose quite quickly, especially in
China. So, so we're putting in
foundations. You've got to be maybe
ready to live with a small margin for a
few years, but to build that brand
equity based on substance, based on
content, and based on great design. So,
you know, never mind maybe a spreadsheet
that doesn't look good for the first
year. Look for the five-year plan.
That's what China's good at. It's
building this up. And and the you know,
the But race isn't won in in one year.
Maybe in the startups, cuz we're not a
startup, but the startups sort of seems
very, very different. You you you've got
to come in, you've got to get that price
advantage, market very carefully, and
then you got to get a foothold, you got
to hold on. Legacy is slightly
different. You know, we can't sort of
come down and sell ourselves too short.
>> Are you a little surprised as well about
the time to market from design to
showroom is much shorter in China than
it is perhaps in your previous
companies? You were just Citroen,
Jaguar, I mentioned Rolls-Royce.
>> Yeah, shocking. I so I know you Steve, I
can say that to you, it's shocking. I
mean, it's kind of like come here, live
it, see it, and and believe it. Because
the manufacturing speed
and I know and I'm going to include the
word quality again. It's not just speed
for speed's sake. It's actually bringing
new innovations. There's a car we've
just launched today. It's not launched
to market yet, but it's launched to the
public, which is our Tiangong concept
Vision S. Okay, we're putting in place
world innovative leading diecast
technology. So, with Tesla, you talk
about diecast castings front and rear.
We're going to produce a car in the next
year and a half that's fully cast.
There's no There's no spot weld. There's
no pressed steel. It's like a Lego kit.
That's fast. That's innovative. And you
know, we can put a car from design on
the road in about a year and a half,
which is half the time of most European
van manufacturers.
>> Who have you been told is your
primary customer? Fleet sales to the
government or whatever, cuz the numbers
you're targeting 550,000 car sales this
year, 460,000 last year, and up to a
million by 2028. Does that require a lot
of government sales or really does it
mean getting those people who are
normally going to
um some of the higher end
>> I I I think you know, if you go back to
the cool Hongqi brand, ask that question
maybe three or four years ago, we're
looking for fleet, we're looking for
government. You know, it's a
government-based brand.
>> Yes, it is.
>> it came from.
Um as we come into 2026, 2027, we're
we're we're we're we're actually
developing two new
to try and get that spread and achieve
that figure. So, Tiangong, our new EV
brand, will really power with about five
new different products to a younger
market that that volume target. Modern
classic Hongqi, yes, we're going to
evolve that brand. That's our sort of
legacy side of our story. And then
Sunflower, which is this little icing on
the cake of our brand portfolio, is is
is very much part of that sort of
beautiful, rich, luxurious side. So,
we've got three brands that are going to
power those
power power those volumes forward.
>> And how much is AI used in design
process? And how much does that save?
And how much does that basically
how would I put it? Improve, obviously,
what would be a normally drafting table
kind of
>> Yeah, fantastic question because
that's evolving literally month on
month. I mean, if you go back literally
to middle of last year, a lot of people
in my industry would talk about how AI
is is affecting our creative industry.
And people would say, "Hey, so you're
selling your soul, you know, you you
know, you you can't just press a button
and get those answers. Actually, right
now you can. And it's about curation
then. It's about having 50 solutions
generated by AI maybe in about 1 minute.
And then it's about really selecting and
developing very fast. So, in towards
your question, it is speed again. We're
actually reducing that sort of, you
know, chin scratching, coffee drinking
creative process.
>> Yeah, and which I like.
>> Yeah, well, I used to love it. I used to
enjoy that for about 8 months, now about
2 months.
>> Yeah.
>> So, again, I'm not joking. It's about 2
months. And then we can get, you know,
with AI technology, we can take a
sketch. AI interprets the sketch, puts
it into a 3D shell or a 3D CAD, straight
to the engineers. So, that synchronicity
in the whole chain is is really speeding
up now.
>> Yeah. So, how do you compete with the
ones that are already there in the
luxury space? I I think on stage last
night was the JAC Maestro, which is a
big limousine type.
I've been out to Chongqing and to Seres
and their their M9 and they're going
really the higher end of that price
point. But a lot of these ones have the
Harmony OS from Huawei, right? Which is
really a big selling point. What's your
selling point other than the legacy as
being that patriotic brand of China?
>> Yeah, I mean okay, we can we can tell a
great story, we can design a great car,
but if the content's not learning in
China, content needs technology. So, you
know, you've seen that car, it's the
Maxus 800, you know, from the Huawei,
they you know, they as a as a supplier
of technology of software, they've got a
great advantage. You know about Xiaomi
as well.
>> Yeah, of course.
>> So, these guys are coming in. Like they
predicted about 5 years ago, software
companies will dominate. And curiously
enough, they've got the hardware to
match. So, to answer your question, we
have to really watch them. So, we can't
just sit back and look at the leather,
the wood, and the nice trim. You know,
we we've got to have the content. In
China, it's all about the content. So,
you've got guys buying a Maxus 800,
35 years old, probably even younger. And
they want their iPhones to dock to, you
know, to synchronize, all that stuff.
So, the technology content for us has to
be there. We've got to get a fantastic
link into our supply base to get cheap,
yeah, you know,
purchasing deals. If we can't do that,
we can't compete on price. And then
again, we we can't go back to legacy. We
have to have legacy as a foundation, but
it can't be the reason to buy these
days.
The reason to buy has to be technology,
I think.
>> It's a crowded space.
What's the shakeout going to look like
and when's it going to happen? The what
I talked to He Xiao Peng yesterday,
Xpeng, I've talked to a number of others
from Geely. They think the next 5 years
is do or die. Do you think Do you see
that?
>> I actually think shorter. I'd say I'd
say about two two two and a half years.
So, the startups, you know, they're
running on investor money, and it's
running empty. So, give 2 years or
somebody says, "Okay, guys, you know,
your sales are dreadful, you know,
that's a that's a 10 billion loss. So,
you know, what's in it for us?"
Fortunately, with Hongqi FAW, we don't
work like that. You know, we've actually
got a very good profit sheet for last
year. But I think to your question, dog
eat dog in this crazy market in China,
I I I really believe that
yeah, in the like in the next two and a
half years there's going to be a real
shakedown and I think it's either
investor confidence
or it's core products that really
selling well and at the moment a lot of
companies are running on thin air
and it's hanging you know you're hanging
on there and you're resting on your next
product your next product.
>> Thin air good good analogy for a company
that is known as red flag right?
>> Thank you very much yeah.
>> Red flag so home team so nice to see
you. All right that's Giles Taylor FAW
Group vice president in charge of
design.
>> Steve great stuff we'll come back to you
soon of course and our thanks to Giles
Taylor there. We got more exclusive
interviews coming up from the Beijing
Auto Show. Chinese EV maker Seres is
joining a fast-charging joint venture
with BMW and Mercedes-Benz will ask
their president John Jiang about the
partnership what it means for their
business. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back uh
wasn't there a scare yesterday of the
check-in system set the Haneda Airport?
>> Oh yeah.
>> Um so anyone traveling that's one less
worry um and here's another advantage of
course this cheap yen.
Uh for inbound tourists into the the
land of the rising exchange rate and the
rising sun. Uh speaking of uh we had
this conversation yesterday.
>> Yeah with the finance minister Suzuki
Katayama and she says that government
officials are in close contact with
their US counterparts around the clock
over what she calls speculative moves
that are keeping the yen weak. Here's
more from our exclusive conversation at
the Bloomberg New Voices event in Tokyo.
>> Two years ago we did intervene
in the market.
Um but
as
after our bilateral meeting with Scott
Bessent, Treasury Secretary. We
confirmed our bilateral agreement. We
did have a very good commitment, and we
reaffirmed.
And our deputy continuously
making contact under this circumstance
because the situation of the market is
so volatile.
>> You met him a few days ago. What did he
say? Does he want to see anything from
Japan, especially when it comes to
supporting the currency?
>> Yeah, everything is secret for the
between two, but I can just say that we
are in a better cooperation. That is
very true.
Actually, he is coming to Japan before
he went to China. He is going to China
here.
Come here.
>> What does he want to talk about?
>> will have a talk.
>> Mhm. About what?
>> And our deputies
are in close contact day and night.
24 hours.
And including any kind of a board
action.
>> Using currency swap lines to fund, if
needed, intervention?
>> Yeah, as for intervention, uh
we have free fund. We we have free hand,
and that is in the agreement of Japan
and US. Everybody can imagine
everything.
But we are strong. We are standing very
strong.
>> In the sense that can you flush out the
speculators if it's not necessarily only
about the weakness of the yen, and it's
also about the dollar strength. But I
guess also my question is how effective
can intervention be at this point?
>> Yeah.
That all we can say is
after past
intervention
did have an influence every time. If
not, we don't move.
And the other thing is this is the first
time
for us to see such a volatility deriving
from oil market, crude oil market or its
future. I think the move is apparently
bigger than the case of
Russia Ukraine.
Russia is also
a big exporter of oil and gas.
At that moment, there there's a market
confusion, too, but the move or
influence is bigger.
>> Yeah, intervention's really
a hot topic
that we've had with policy makers. In
fact, perhaps the reason why FX
volatility
completely to the downside given amidst
everything else that's going on. In
fact, just on that note, right? It was
one of the topics we
spoke about with the Philippine Central
Bank governor, among other things we
discussed with Eli Remolona. Have a
look.
>> We were not active yet. We may be active
later in the day, but uh for now, we're
not uh we're not in the market.
We stay vigilant and uh we'll do as many
hikes as necessary.
But I think David, you used the right
words. Uh we're being proactive. We're
trying to stay ahead of the curve.
>> Yeah.
Um David and I
the amount of alertness we have to be
when we interview the BSP governor is is
insane because of his short answers.
>> Very short.
>> Um but it's how it should He breaks
news. Like he tells us things straight.
Um but he even said, it's not really
about the level that they're targeting,
it's not about 60, it's not about 61.
You know, in terms of the threshold,
it's more about the pace. And I think he
mentioned, you know, 50s and
centavos are not today. Centavos is a
big move.
>> Yeah.
>> But they're not intervening.
>> Well, not
>> For now.
>> Not not when we spoke to him an hour
back.
I mean, look at the move in the
currency. They they could have been, we
don't know. We don't know, right? Look
at the how look at the move since that
point in time. Anyway, enough
speculation. Let's bring in David Savage
here at Live Oak Advisors Strategies
here with us to talk us through the
impact of higher prices. Markets seem to
be behaving themselves. Oil though is
still above 100.
What's the
the paradigm we should be looking at oil
and equity markets right now?
>> Yeah, I I think I mean we saw yesterday
we saw some you know volatile moves in
in front month crude futures and and
that kind of you know we we saw some
pretty significant enter your broad
sell-off in Asia.
Um with the exception of the KOSPI
index.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and and that was on pretty heavy
trading volumes, too. But I I I think as
long as oil prices and and is just
another factor among many
and it's it's sort of contained, then I
think you know equities can continue to
to move higher on on this sort of
fundamental story of
the AI capex story and and and
valuations and and earnings. Um but but
again that that's it is still a a big
risk in terms of the the
conflict.
>> Yeah.
>> But you know ultimately right now
markets are simply pricing as one factor
among many.
>> How do you look at the the earnings
picture? I mean what we saw overnight
was Intel with you know that that
revenue forecast that really lifted the
stock after hours and I think it's
lifting some of the chip space. But how
is outside earnings supporting Asian
stocks now, too?
>> Yeah, I mean I think at some point we'll
see some sort of consolidation in in
some of the gains we've seen just
because of you know how far we've seen.
I mean at some point US semiconductor
stocks will have a down day. I can
probably say that with some level of
confidence.
Um but I mean I I think again the
earnings story has been really
remarkable here in Asia, as well. But
it's very concentrated in the tech side,
right? And of course a lot of these
benchmarks are you know very tilted
towards tech and and hardware.
So I think when you look under the hood
and look at some of the consumer names,
uh you know, the the story hasn't been
as positive and I think that somewhat
aligns with
uh you know, some of the the the more
longer-term, medium-term impacts from
the conflict.
>> How many days are
>> 17.
>> 17 days? That's crazy.
>> Really sucks it does, yeah.
>> Uh well, that goes into leverage ETFs. I
mean, you know, some of these, let's
call them memory names. You have a lot
of these single stock, of course, ETFs
in Hong Kong. In terms of flows, how
does that inform you about everything
else that's going on here?
>> Yeah, I I think it's a really exciting
place to look. So, leverage ETFs have
seen, you know, really significant flows
year-to-date. In March, they were seeing
really significant flows. So, we saw
foreign investors really selling uh
Asian equities, but retail really
stepping into the void and and and
using, you know, increasingly some of
these um
leveraged ETF vehicles. And and we were
seeing that particularly on some of
these uh single stock leveraged ETFs.
And you know, the the overall flows can
are somewhat, you know, relative to
foreign flows are going to be quite
muted, but because of the leverage and
and timing and the fact that some of
these vehicles rebalance daily can have
sort of a disproportionate impact on on
trading volumes.
This month, we've actually seen
significant outflows from from leveraged
ETFs in Asia. And I think that points to
the fact that retail's been selling and
also provides a bit more of a healthy
foundation for this rally, right? It's
not being driven by, you know,
speculative leverage flows at least in
in this avenue. Um and it's really, you
know, foreign buyers that have been
coming in, institutional buying as well.
>> Yeah, taking some of the froth off,
right? It's been a There's been a ton of
momentum in here. David, fantastic.
David Savage there, our M Live macro uh
strategist. Speaking of single stocks,
this this is really what we've been
tracking very closely.
>> Yeah, it's not just the earning side of
things that's really keeping, you know,
chipmakers like TSMC uh higher here.
Take a look at the stock here today.
Now, Taiwan came up with some reforms,
right? So, we're talking about easing
the single stock investment cap. So, it
used to be 10%. Now, we're back to 25 up
to 25%.
So, certainly this is a move that you
know, you ask some of the local managers
in Taiwan, they say, "Look, this is good
news because it's more flexibility to
capitalize on this rally, right?"
That goes into effect today, today.
>> Yeah, after the announcement takes place
and it's really a conundrum, right? On
the part of an active manager because if
the stock is half the benchmark, how do
you even outperform if you're only
allowed 10%? Anyway, there you go. Half
of you. This is Bloomberg.
Okay,
benchmarks on your screens. We're coming
up lows in Hang Seng Tech Index. Tencent
has been in and around these levels. We
were slightly
lows. We are coming up lows as well
on the stock. But, yes, we have a four
handle, four eight handle now on
Tencent. Apart from this, volumes are on
the lighter side of things and this is
generally the
the mood across markets as we have
equity markets to be more specific as we
glide into this weekend.
>> Well, the CEO of Xpeng says the
company's partnership with Volkswagen is
deepening with more next generation
models in the pipeline.
>> Yeah, He Xiaopeng also told us
exclusively about fancy open up modular
capabilities with partners and also help
cut R&D costs.
>> I think we've observed a phenomenon
here. As a technology and manufacturing
company, Xpeng's R&D expenses are
increasing very rapidly year by year.
We're currently doing several
interesting things. First, we're
modularizing all our hardware and AI.
Second, we're opening up our modular
capabilities. For example, we're sharing
hardware and software with our partners
such as Volkswagen.
And we're already in talks with more
partners.
Third, on April 1st this year, Xpeng
actually raised the prices of our
high-level autonomous driving models.
We firmly believe in this and we'll
share some data tomorrow.
In early April of this year, the China
Passenger Car Association released data
showing that passenger car sales in
China declined by 26% year-on-year.
I can share some data from Xpeng with
you.
Following the launch of our new
generation of autonomous driving
technology on March 31st of this year,
Xpeng sales increased by over 70%
month-on-month and over 50%
year-on-year.
>> Well, let's talk about those
international partnerships. I do know
that you'll be unveiling your second car
that you helped engineer with
Volkswagen. Volkswagen has a very
ambitious goal of unveiling more than 20
new EVs
uh including in China. Yeah, so you're a
key partner with Volkswagen. We're also
hearing from media in Korea that
Hyundai is possibly trying to seek a
partnership with you for self-driving as
well. So,
how do you see those partnerships
increasing? Volkswagen has 5% stake in
Xpeng now.
>> 4.9%.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you see that increasing as your
partnership expands? Talk about that.
>> Yes, our cooperation with Volkswagen has
been very successful over the past 3
years. Our first collaborative vehicle,
the Volkswagen ID.UNYX 08, has already
been launched this month.
We are also working with Volkswagen on
the next generation of vehicles based on
the VEA architecture, which will soon be
available for Volkswagen China and other
sectors. In fact, the cooperation
between Xpeng and Volkswagen is
deepening further.
When we have more information to share,
we will provide more details.
>> That was the Xpeng CEO He Xiaopeng with,
of course, Steve in Beijing there, our
chief North Asia correspondent. Right,
speaking of Steve, he's standing by at
the Beijing Auto Show with his next
guest. Steve.
>> Yeah, hey Dave. It's a little hard to
hear, obviously. A lot of people crowded
around. You just see we're celebrities
here right now at the Beijing Auto Show.
This is the day one of the press day of
the Auto China 2026 and we're very
pleased to have with us John Jung. He is
the Series Group President. They are
known for that big Aito brand, which is
the M9, your new flagship here behind
you.
You're the one that are known for having
that partnership with the Harmony OS for
Huawei, but you're really standing out
with your new designs. Tell me about
this car. I understand you can actually
project color movies from the
headlights.
>> Yes, it is. This is the all new M9. It's
been 2 years since the first version.
So, we did a lot of upgrades on this
model. First of all, the ADS, the
autonomous driving system, is absolutely
fantastic. We have six lidars around the
car and multiple cameras and we have the
new latest version of software as well.
That's for the autonomous driving.
>> How important is it to refresh your
brands more often in China than in
legacy markets like Europe and the
United States, where it takes years from
design to actual showroom? Here, you
need to get products out quicker because
of the hyper-intense competition.
>> Well,
competition is intense. That's just one
part of it. However, our customers, we
have
direct uh communication with customers.
So we keep getting all the
they have suggestions to which part of
our brains. So we get those information
very closely and we can upgrade
according to their um
needs.
>> So sort of bespoke ordering for these
kind of cars?
>> Uh they actually we we sit down with
customers and we write down what they
want for the next version.
>> Yeah.
>> And then we actually we put it together.
>> How do you stay on top because last
night Huawei had another car with JAC
the Maestro their latest limousine
style. We do see a number of different
car makers. We just over at FAW they
want to modernize the Hongqi the
limousines. How are you going to stay on
top? You've been the luxury top dog for
2 years now in a row.
Everyone's gunning for you.
>> Uh
they are. However, we we we invest
heavily into R&D. Therefore
even you see those equipments on other
brands but they are following. So lots
of latest technologies on iTour on M9
are always the first
first on car. So like the different
projector color this is the first and we
have the first in
2 years ago it's black and white and now
it's a color. And we have the the first
on the autonomous driving now.
>> But this is what's important for you to
stay on top and differentiate with
competitors. You had a refrigerator I
think announced last year karaoke
system. I think and I don't mean to make
light of it. I think you've applied for
a patent and received a patent for an
onboard
toilet.
>> Well that that was you know that was R&D
just for the explorations.
>> Okay.
>> No.
>> Yeah but not necessarily for a high-end
limousine style.
>> explorations.
>> So, what does the overseas market
looking like right now? You last time
you and I talked in Chongqing, I believe
it was October or November. You told me
you do have ambitions to go abroad in
the Middle East and elsewhere. But, the
world has changed a lot. There's a war
raging in the Middle East. How has that
changed your plans?
>> Well, for internally, we are on track.
Uh whenever the
situation gets better, we're ready to uh
deliver.
>> How has it complicated supply chains and
procuring parts and cost inflation?
>> Well, um it's
uh it's a it's a changing
uh you know, continuous changing. So, as
a company, we're always ready for those
um
unknown changes.
>> So, what percentage uh given the
external shocks, given your plans, what
kind of percentage would you say shall
be overseas compared in in the next
couple of years compared to domestic?
You're really a domestic brand right
now.
>> Yes. Mhm.
>> But, how much is going to be exported by
2 years from now?
>> Well, if we're talking about couple of
years, I would say 20 to 30% will be
overseas um market shares.
>> Where will be your number one market?
You're aiming for the Middle East, I
think.
>> for Middle East first, then Europe. And
uh as as you know, um we just signed
agreement with uh
BMW and uh Mercedes. It's Ionity.
>> Yes, I know.
>> uh
uh
>> Charging infrastructure, right?
>> right now. And that was just beginning.
Later on, they have a lot of resources
in Europe as well. So, that was like um
one step forward with the later uh
infrastructure corporations as well.
>> Are you encouraged by Europe? It seems
to relax a little bit of some of the
protectionist measures. The United
States is probably forget it for now,
but Europe more optimistic?
>> Uh yeah, I think so.
>> How about Canada?
>> Well, Canada, we we explored uh uh
chassis. We are exploring.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. But nothing to announce right now.
So back in November, I believe you had
your Hong Kong IPO. You raised about 1.8
billion US dollars. Where are you
putting that money? I think you said
you're going to be reinvesting into more
R&D. So what what is the next benchmark
that you want to hit now that you have
your your war chest filled?
>> Yeah. So most of the uh raised money
will be on R&Ds. And the besides, just a
couple of days ago uh from the Brand
Finance,
I told Brand now is um
the most valuable brand uh luxury brand
in China. And we are in the top 10 of
the world's
um
luxury brands. And we are the only
Chinese luxury brand in that top 10. So
that's uh also we building brand as
well.
>> What's your outlook for the Chinese
market? It's been yet the lower end
faced with extreme pressure on price.
And we by all indication, the price war
continues, albeit at a bit of a slower
pace. Have you you told me in November
you've not
cut one penny from your price. Have you
changed your outlook?
>> For this one, we just uh uh
uh started uh pre-orders uh 2 days ago.
And uh it was like um 20,000
uh yuan
more expensive than the previous
uh model. So we we add a lot of new
things inside. And now this price is
even better.
>> So you have pricing power.
>> We didn't cut.
>> Is this a million yuan car?
>> Uh no, it's it's a half
>> Half a million dollar car. But still you
you're you're getting pricing power on
that at a time when other car companies
are cutting.
>> But yes, uh that pricing power
comes from the heavily R&D investment.
That's how we we put a lot of things uh
in the car. Like
uh rear wheel steering.
>> Yeah. also the
uh, active suspension systems, as well.
>> What are the customers telling you you
they want to see in the next iteration
as you spend that $1.8 billion
from the IPO?
>> Well, they would like to see, um,
lots of, um,
um, upgrading and, um, for example, like
a brand value and also the market uh,
share. So, for 2025, we ranked the
number five in the China China market
luxury uh,
uh, segment. So, we won more uh,
position
uh, than compared to uh, uh, 2024. In
2024, we were at uh,
uh, number six.
In 2025, we're number five. So, we
delivered uh,
over 400,000 units.
>> You told me also in November that you're
going to go into humanoid robots. Every
car maker I've talked to, whether it's
Xpeng or others, are going into to that
as well. Where are you on that uh,
evolution? When are you going to have
>> We're on track.
On track. By end of the year, I promise
you. Next time we you come, we're going
to see something.
Yes.
>> Okay. John John, thanks so much for your
time on Bloomberg Television. Always
great to see you.
Okay, we're off to another hall really
quick for another interview. You'll see
me in a few minutes if you watch the
Bloomberg TV
>> All right.
Let
Let's see if the paparazzi follow you
there, too. But, yeah, um,
>> Or was it for John?
>> Yeah, the flashes were It was like It
was like they were yeah, it was almost
like
they were at a premiere or something.
But, yeah, I mean, it's like Devil Wears
Prada. Yeah. Um,
but think about it, right? The The
headlight that can project a 100-in
movie,
you have in-car karaoke. I mean, that
that's that's a party right there. My
weekend plans are are set, though.
>> Yeah, and talk and and talk to a toilet.
>> Talk to a toilet?
>> Talk to a toilet in in-car facilities,
right? Who needs a date when you have
everything on deck? The only thing you
need is a China show in fact and project
that onto the blank wall. You can use my
wall. I don't have anything at home
either.
You need to get the car up though. I
guess for those that park their cars in
their living rooms, who needs a TV?
>> Yeah, I think you know, each car maker I
just want to hear more features, right?
I think they said the upgrades. I want
to know what what what are they thinking
about next to put in those cars. Okay,
we'll have much more coming up in the
Beijing Auto Show on Insight with Haz.
Uh Volkswagen's China CEO Robert Hessek
joins us the show to talk about staying
competitive in the cutthroat Chinese EV
market. We have much more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> All right, um the beat that reminds you
we are almost at the weekend. Welcome.
Uh you're watching the ETF IQ Asia here
of course in the China show. Uh so I
guess a quick look at markets and how
we've done as we almost wrap up this
week. Uh in fact uh just having a look
at uh
some key benchmarks. So this is over the
last week. So this includes of course
Friday last week. So we're down slightly
on the global benchmark. Um Taiwan
massively up. This is separate story
there on single stock caps being lifted
to 25% from the current 10. Uh but yes,
risk is uh back on plates of investors
um at least for the most part. Uh in
fact, when you look at inflows, some of
the biggest ETFs that have seen the
biggest inflows this week coming up on
your screens. On price, we're up on
inflows. Just to give you an idea of the
extent to which we have seen those money
that money come in. 1.3 across some. Uh
we've also seen the opposite though in
as far as outflows are are concerned.
The same things are coming up on your
screens very very shortly.
>> Yeah, I think China was certainly that
got a bit of that. Got caught in this
whole sort of outflow story of just in
the last a week or so. So certainly
that's one thing to watch as well. But
certainly it'd be quite interesting to
see, right? When you talk about what
Bloomberg Intelligence, they've been
crunching the numbers and estimating
that the global ETF market will reach
$50 trillion
by 2035.
Who's leading that charge in that
growth? Is BlackRock, the largest issuer
in the world with about $6 trillion in
assets in this class. Let's bring in
Nicolas Peach, APAC head of iShares at
BlackRock. He joins us here in our Hong
Kong studio. Nicolas, it's great to have
you.
Um, you know, we've been seeing a lot of
volatility, whether, you know, the March
that we had. I think things have
stabilized a little bit in April. But
but how do you think investors are using
ETFs now amidst all this volatility?
>> Sure. And thank you for the opportunity
to be here and speak to you today. Um, I
think what this market um environment
has really brought to the fore is
really, which we've been seeing for a
few years now, is really the increased
sophistication and breadth of the use
cases that ETFs make available to
investors. So, you know,
ETFs historically have been considered
an exposure vehicle, but actually the
way people are using ETFs now is far
beyond that. So, you have precision
equity that people are using to take
what we call tactical asset allocation
views. When the new cycle is moving very
quickly, when when things change
fast, ETFs are a tool that people are
using to express those views very
quickly and efficiently.
Um, you have the growth of fixed income
ETFs that people are now using for
liquidity sleeve management and cash
management, as well as exposure to a
vast majority of fixed income
instruments that just weren't available
previously in that wrapper. You've then
got the rise of active ETFs, right?
Which are typically would be either
actively managed fund managers or
investors using derivatives overlays,
which can be quite complex, right? But
instead using the ETF wrapper to express
that view as well. And then of course,
finally, you've seen people using the
rapper for novel new exposures like
cryptocurrencies, as well as the ability
to express
um views in uh on a commodity.
So, what you've seen is it's not just a
simple exposure vehicle anymore. Really,
it's a toolkit to navigate a portfolio
in a way that really didn't exist even a
few years ago with the Asia client base.
So, it's been a it's been a tremendous
evolution and this market, you know,
this market environment we're in has
really brought it to the fore.
>> The cost component of being able to use
ETFs to do that.
I mean, is that a cost-effective way of
doing that? Obviously, if it's not, then
they wouldn't be doing it, but I'm just
wondering what the demand is like from
clients right now to take those costs
back down.
>> So, cost efficiency is a huge advantage
of the ETF rapper because what it gives
you is it gives you inherent scale. So,
if you're an individual investor and
let's take a a
outcome ETF as we call it an active ETF
that has a derivatives overlay to it,
right? If you didn't have the ETF rapper
and you're an investor, investing in a
derivatives overlay, whether it's a
covered call ETF, which are very popular
in Hong Kong recently, whether it's
downside protection, that's very
difficult to do.
>> Um and in-house on your own.
>> In-house on your own. And and and and
actually, even if you can do it, it's
quite expensive and operationally
complicated to do. So, what you see is
that investors are choosing the ETF
rapper because it gives them that scale.
It's all baked into the product. And so,
from a cost-effectiveness basis, it's
much more cost-efficient than the
alternatives uh that investors were
using previously.
>> And does it differ by region when you
break down Asia Pac, you know, when I
look at different country by country?
>> Right. Not as much as you might think,
actually. Um so, one thing that if you
look at our global iShares book of
business,
um we have over 1,700 products globally
providing, you know, almost every
exposure you would need. Um
what you've seen is the business mix of
that exposure has moved from, you know,
maybe five years ago largely broad
equity and fixed income to a hugely
broad swath of different products like
some of the ones I've just mentioned.
But the Asia client base as well has
also seen. So here in Asia in in Asia
Pacific, we've seen that same evolution
of the business mix, which I think shows
that the Asian investor community has
really caught up in their sophistication
of how ETFs are being used. And actually
a an anecdote for you in in a few weeks
we're hosting our flagship ETF
certification conference in Singapore.
We've done it for 13 years. We do a um
we do a survey of of investors.
Uh the the pre-investor survey showed
that 70% of the attendees are either
extremely familiar with ETFs or very
familiar with ETFs. Five years ago in
this conference, we were talking about
what is what is an ETF, why should you
use one in your portfolio? And now, you
know, the the investor education is just
really come up the curve. That's why
you're starting to see the use cases. It
really doesn't look that different to
how it looks in the other regions. So
it's been a very accelerated adoption
curve here.
>> Who are you displacing and what is the
anticipated pushback from that corner of
the market?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, so
and actually the I think the answer
differs based on which product you're
looking at. Um
in Asia uh
many uh
you know,
many individual retail
uh wealth investors, right, have
typically used the mutual fund um as
their
uh
as their sort of wrapper of choice, if
you will. Now, um
you know, I don't know if we're
necessarily displacing because I think
there's certainly a place for both. Um
however, what you've started to see is
and actually this is this is part of our
business mix as well. Um
you know, five years ago our book was
largely institutional, right? It was
institutional investment. And I think
there's a narrative out here that ETFs
are an institutional product. Um
and
but actually if you look at our our
business mix now, it's almost exactly
50/50. And so what's happening is
individual investors and wealth
investors are using ETFs where
previously they were using different
vehicles. Um but if you look at a fixed
income ETF, right, particularly like a
short duration fixed income ETF, we've
seen a huge amount of growth there.
Before the advent of the fixed income
ETF,
people were keeping those positions in
cash.
>> Mhm.
>> Literally just cash, right? And they
were giving up that yield and they had
real cash drag in their portfolios cuz
you you would see, you know, when
someone was changing their exposures,
they'd move from equity to cash.
>> Mhm.
>> Well, now what happens is people move
from equity to a short duration fixed
income ETF where we've seen a huge
amount of growth.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
and that's why. So, what what's happened
is it's not necessarily always
displacing another investment product.
Sometimes it's actually just creating a
new vehicle that didn't exist. And just
to round out the question, and I think
some of these outcome products that I've
spoken about with derivatives overlays,
large investors are going directly to
banks if they could to execute those on
their own, right, via derivatives
contracts or swaps. Um but those were
frankly unavailable to um mid-size or
smaller investors because they just
didn't have a vehicle to express it. So,
it's not necessarily just a displacement
story. Actually, some of these are brand
new avenues of investment that just
didn't exist previously.
>> Okay. Blue ocean I think is the term for
that.
Nicholas, that's all we have time for.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
>> There was lots more to talk about, but I
guess I think we're we're out of time.
We can do that next time. Uh Nicholas
Hedge their guys, APAC head of iShares
at BlackRock. You can tune in by the
way, ETF IQ Asia every Friday on China
Show.
Uh we'll be bringing you more analysis
and conversations with the top players
in the markets, also newsmakers. Lots
more ahead.
This
is Bloomberg.
Uh all right, let's have a look at TSMC.
We're coming off highs a little bit,
still up substantially. Might be down to
these new rules being eased in terms of
single stock
limits
that active managers now perhaps have
the liberty to play around with.
>> Yeah, from 10 to 25. Go go at it, right?
Does this really help you, you know,
continue to ride this wave that we're
seeing in Taiwan when it comes to AI and
really the whole AI full stack? So
certainly one thing and then you know,
analysts are saying this could be a
really good opportunity to really
benefiting furthermore the TSMC surge
apart from and then a lot of the other
large caps too, right? They talked about
MediaTek and some of these other
companies that might benefit from these
reforms.
>> Yeah, might be so see more inflows as
far as that's concerned. All right,
look at markets so apart from this so
you know, if TSMC does this, the
benchmark likely does
okay, not as good because you have of
course the the counterweight of the
likes of TS like Tencent for example and
Alibaba but some of the big ones of
course moving to the downside were it
not for TSMC, this would be much much
lower. That's it from us here on the
China show inside with Haslinda Amin is
coming up next. Happy Friday, we'll see
you all on Monday.